 
                                              THE BIG GREEN MAN
 
 Once upon a time, a sentinal being who has been living in a zoo terrarium on an alien planet since he was young,
came to know that he was living in a bubble with the strings of fate leading him to complet a story for a class project.
He always thought to make some changes in his life, and thought he lived in two worlds. One starry night a cosmic meteor hit his zoo and shook his home. 

  His place, the zoo terrarium, it is not a normal zoo because it is on an alien planet! 
This sentinal being who we shall call Emeral because of his emerald like skin, did not have to worry about work, chores, cleaning, and food. He lived a peaceful life. Emeral wants to decide between an easy life in the zoo or unknown future somewhere else. Thinking to himself that he is not just a mere insignigicant alien. That there was more to his purpose. 

  The days passed and he awaits for someone to take him out from this small environment or for some cosmic event to enrich his longing life. He wants to explore the real universe, what lays beyond what he cannot see. 
Suddenly, he ran to a big storm. After the storm passed he saw himself reflected on the surface of the water. He thought to himself  "I am a big green man", and asks himself "am I an alien?". I want to discover other planets. He knew that he was one of many type of creatures. He read acient writings about a planet called Earth. He was afraid he may not understand these humans if he ever came in contact with them. "I am a peaceful being." The earthlings he read about were so violent. But never the less he wanted adventure. 

He began looking for a spaceship that used to take him to the moon for vacation many years ago. The spaceship is was fast.  
Emeral was thinking, "how I can find someone to help me the explore this earth". 
He is keeping talking to himself, "right... that pilot who took me to the moon!, I need to see him".
He knew where he was. If that pilot can't go with him; at least the pilot can give him some ideas.
He watched him fly spaceship many, many times, and he thought he might be able to take what was needed to be a good pilot.

Finally, Emeral was able to find the pilot succesfully so he did not need to fly himself. The spaceship pilot’s name is Nice, and he is the best robot. Emeral has not known before that he was a robot and that he was immortal. So they fly into space, into the unknown and find adventure together.  THE END

